So we need to make the distinction
between a domain registrar and a DNS service.
So actually you can buy your domain name
with any kind of domain registrar you want,
and you're going to pay annual charges.
So the way we did it so far in this course
was to use the Amazon Registrar,
through the Route 53 console,
but it's possible for you to use any domain name registrar.
So for example, you can use GoDaddy,
you can just Google Domains, and so on.
And usually whenever you register a domain
with a domain registrar,
they will provide you as well with a DNS service
to manage your DNS records.
So when we created a,
when registered a DNS name with a host name with Amazon,
we had a Route 53 hosted zone to manage our DNS records.
But it's possible for you to choose not to use, for example,
AWS Route 53 as your DNS records,
when you have registered your domain with Amazon Registrar.
Or vice versa, you can, for example,
register your domain with GoDaddy.
So you're going to purchase example.com,
yet you're going to use Amazon Route 53
to manage your DNS records.
It's a perfectly acceptable combination.
So how do we do this?
Well, on GoDaddy you're going to register your domain,
and then you're going to have the name servers option,
and you can specify custom name servers.
So what do we put in there?
Well, first we're going to go to Amazon Route 53,
and we're going to create a public hosted zone,
for any domain we want.
And then in the hosted zone details,
we're going to find name servers on the right-hand side.
So these four name servers are the ones
we're are going to have to change on the GoDaddy websites.
So that's when GoDaddy answers a query,
"Hey, which name server should I use?"
the name servers are going to be pointing to
Amazon Route 53 name servers,
and therefore we can use Amazon Route 53
to manage all the EDNS records
that are cleaved from that console.
So to summarize,
if you buy your domain on a third-party registrar,
you can still use Route 53 as your DNS service provider.
For this, you will create a public hosted zone in Route 53,
and then you will update the NS, or name server's records,
on the third-party website, where you bought your domain.
And then you're going to point them
to the Routes 53 name servers.
So, just so you know, a domain registrar looks like,
but is different from a DNS service,
even though every domain registrar
usually comes with some DNS features.
So that's it for this lecture.
I hope you liked it.
And I will see you in the next lecture.